Hey there, this is your Pal Pallie and welcome
back to Git Er Raid.
Here it is, Siege of Orgrimmar, lets go kill
that bad orc!
First up in the raid is Immerseus.
Giant corrupted puddle guy, yeah that just
about describes him.
The fight is usually 2 tanked and 2-3 healed
although if your dps is really high, I think
you can get away with 1 tank.
For those of you who followed my PTR guides,
this fight isn't terribly changed from PTR
so many of my descriptions of mechanics are
the same.
I'll have some additional detail to provide
having downed it on live now though of course.
The basic premise of the fight is that you
are trying to cleanse this water spirit of
corruption.
He starts with 100 corruption and around 74
million health.
Every time you bring his health down to nothing,
he splits into a bunch of adds.
For every add you manage well, his corruption
goes down by one.
When all the adds are killed or absorbed back
into him, he will heal up to the percentage
of health that is his new corruption level
and start fighting again.
So if you kill 20 corruption off of him, he'll
be at 80% when he comes back at you.
Now notice I said for every add you "manage
well" you reduce his corruption.
What I mean by that is that there are two
types of adds, ones that you dps down like
every other fight, but there are adds that
you have your healers heal up to full.
Those count against his corruption too.
We'll get to that transition phase in a minute,
but lets first talk about his normal phase.
2 tanks are probably required because of Corrosive
Blast.
It does 600k shadow damage and gives you a
stacking debuff that makes you take 100% more
shadow damage per stack.
I will note that this is a conal ability so
if both tanks are in front of the boss, they'll
both get a stack.
Thats bad so you at least want the tanks to
be separated by some degree.
I've seen tanks take 2 or even 3 stacks of
this debuff with cooldowns but its probably
just safest to 2 tank it and swap off.
During this normal phase, every one in the
raid will have to deal with Sha Pools.
Every 6 or so seconds, a pool will spawn underneath
you and tick for 70k damage.
It is completely unavoidable damage that you
just have to move for as quickly as possible.
The only other ability he does during the
fight is called Swirl.
He will spawn a bunch of moving tainted pools.
If you get hit by one, you take some damage
and get knocked into the air.
Just avoid them if you can.
During Swirl, the boss also shoots out water
in front of him that knocks you back.
It hurts but isn't deadly so if you need to
retain your raid positioning, you may just
want to eat the damage and watch that you
don't get knocked back into any bad pools.
That normal phase continues until you get
his health down to 0 and then he splits.
Dps your priority is to kill off Sha Puddle
adds.
They can be slowed and knocked back.
You'll likely want to be spread around the
room and killing off as many of these as you
can.
Each dpser can probably handle 2 to 3 each
depending on their spawn points.
I will note also that when you kill off a
Sha Puddle it explodes in a small radius for
70k damage.
This isn't too bad but if you eat that damage,
you gain a short buff that helps you kill
the other sha puddles quicker.
Honestly it works out like I said, you'll
probably only get 2 or 3 taken care of before
they are absorbed so don't worry too much
about getting the buff.
Healers, here's your fun part.
There are another type of adds called Contaminated
Puddles.
If you heal these up to full, they will merge
into immerseus and remove one corruption from
him.
It also gives you a healing buff if you stand
near the puddle when it reaches full health.
Its a significant buff so I wouldn't skip
out on this one.
Healers just try to target adds, heal them
up and be nearby when they are healed to full.
Probably best to put yourself in the path
of one as you heal it and then run towards
it when it gets to full.
The bad part of this phase is that for every
puddle that reaches him, he will explode on
the raid for a decent chunk of damage.
up to 70k for each puddle.
This can get huge if all of them in the area
are allowed to hit at the same time, which
is why its at least important to slow and
knockback many puddles and of course kill
off lots of Sha Puddles.
Obviously this is the time for raid CDs along
with personal CDs.
Everyone should be aware when this phase is
about to end.
After all the puddles are killed or merged
back in, we go back to normal mode and like
I said, the more corruption you take off of
him by killing or healing adds, the less health
he starts the next phase with.
His abilities don't change at all and he just
does everything all over again.
Keep killing him and cleansing off the corruption
and you'll eventually win.
Strategy wise, the approach we took was to
divide the raid into 2 5 man groups and just
take a side.
The tanks would tank the boss up front here
pointing out of the room.
Everyone stayed to the boss' side and just
kept moving for puddles.
Just stay in range of healers and you'll be
fine.
For the split phase, everyone would split
up and some would head to the back of the
room.
Depending on what puddles spawned where, people
would dps or heal the puddles and after they
took care of a couple puddles they would start
heading back towards their respective raid
marker so that they were in range for heals
when the puddles started to merge and explode
on the raid.
Honestly, the biggest complication of this
fight is just the sheer size of the room.
If you get too far away from healers or the
group you might die to the simple mechanics.
So just keep around your group and do what
you need to do.
The size of the room even screws up things
like Bloodlust and raid wide CDs.
On my hunter's group, we had both the shaman
and mage on our side and when they popped
lust on the pull, the other group on the other
side of the boss didn't get it.
I do recommend popping lust on the pull as
there doesn't seem to be any other good place
for it but maybe try to be closer to each
other, pop it and then spread out to your
respective locations.
That should be about it for this boss.
You are going to have to work out how to divide
your raid up around the room, get tank swaps
going, don't stand in puddles, and then kill
or heal up as many adds as you can in the
transition.
I'd like to take one second to thank all the
new subscribers and people commenting and
helping out with these guides.
I'm working to get better and improve these
guides at every iteration so feedback is important
and spreading the word to other raiders if
you found the guides useful is so awesome
so keep it up!
I also recently joined Curse's Union for Gamers
so will hopefully see some of these videos
featured on Curse sites and look forward to
a good partnership.
So as always, thanks for watching and please
comment, like, and or subscribe to the video
if you found it helpful and have a good one!